# ARPspoofonIOT
Analysis of ARP spoofing attacks on IOT systems and mitigation of risks through information gathered by aforementioned analysis.

  Smart home networks are IOT based systems, to provide ease of access and occasionally comprise home security services. We analysed the risks and vulnerabilities in these smart home network devices and provided methods to mitigate such vulnerabilities with a focus on ARP poisoning. ARP poisoning (also known as ARP spoofing) is a form of LAN-based cyber-attack that includes delivering malicious ARP packets to a LAN's default gateway in order to alter the IP to mac address table's pairings. We performed a network security audit on an Amazon echo centered smart home network. First, we compiled the risk impacts, acceptance, and recovery measures; then we classified the vulnerabilities based on impact and liability level to prioritize them; then we identified potential attacks and provided their corresponding preventive measures to mitigate them. 
  A gateway-based approach to filter out the malicious ARP packets was found to be efficient. The addition of an intelligent device capable of handling the packets about to be received by the devices in the network was the solution we arrived at. Through IP - forwarding, the packets sent to the devices from other devices or vice versa could be made to pass through the aforementioned gateway, to undergo screening. While this gateway device would be capable of controlling the flow of the packets,(i.e.,block them from reaching the destination) it would need a reference table to check the authenticity of the the packets, we intend to create a script capable of identifying the fake packets by comparing the no. of request/response packets. The purpose of the script is to eliminate the need for manual updating of the reference table, as manual entries could prove inefficient when there is a large number of devices in the network. And finally, we performed penetration testing after deploying our solution to gain a deeper insight of ARP spoofing attack methods and formulated an innovative solution to counter them, fit for a smart home network.
